We have covered string, input string,
output string, file reader, and file writer.
In this video, we're going to learn buffer and buffer reader.
Buffers is region of physical memory storage used to
temporary store data while it's being moved from one place to another.
The physical memory storage would be RAM, in most case.
For file, buffer is a storage still part of the string data fuses to output.
When we use a buffer,
what happen is each character is stored in buffer into memory location,
then converting the string of data into a single solid value.
Java BufferedReader is used to read tax for our character-based input string,
it can be used to read data line-by-line by reline method,
it can be also used to read character by character using read method.
When using a BufferedReader,
you want to make sure that you close it before you finish.